Capi docs (#622)
canonical/k8s-snap: docs/src/charm/howto/install-lxd.md

# Installing to localhost/LXD

> The main [install instructions][install] work for most circumstances when you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main [install instructions][install] cover most situations for installing {{product}} using a charm. However, there are a few scenarios that require additional steps. These include:
```

> want to install {{product}} from a charm. There are a couple of
> scenarios which require some extra steps however. These are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
